---
layout: post
heading: The time I ... went on the Ultimate Girls Weekend
sub-heading:
banner_image_path:
title:
description: >-
  Every girl needs to kick off her heels, ditch the boyfriend and indulge in
  some serious girl time and self pampering every now and then and what better
  way to spend it than an entire weekend away filled with laughs, wine, good
  food and relaxation!?
categories:
tags:
  - Australia
  - 'Travel,'
image_path:
contact-form: false
_comments:
  title: The page title for google
  heading: This shows up on the main banner
  banner_image_path: This is the big banner
  image_path: this is the small image in the previews
---

The time I went on the Ultimate Girls Weekend\!

Every girl needs to kick off her heels, ditch the boyfriend and indulge in some serious girl time and self pampering every now and then and what better way to spend it than an entire weekend away filled with laughs, wine, good food and relaxation\!? Last month I had the privilege of going on an epic girls trip with my fellow Bachelor babes Brooke Blurton, Nikki Gogan and Rachael Gouvignon. We stayed in Yallingup at Bina Maya Retreat which is approximately 3.5hrs South of Perth between Dunsborough and Margaret River. Read on If you would like ideas for the ultimate girls weekend\!

Bina Maya Retreat

Bina means first light of morning and Maya means hut or house in Australian native language. The retreat, owned by Sara and Tim, is situated amongst beautiful bushland where you feel far from civilisation but are actually just a short drive from Dunsborough. The property contains two villas; a two bedroom villa and a four bedroom villa, as well as a fire pit and a large grassed area perfect for a function or even a wedding\!&nbsp;

My friends and I stayed in the four bedroom villa and were blown away the moment we walked in. We all had the same reaction; “WOW”. The spacious, luxurious yet practical and comfortable interior made the retreat feel both homely and like a special treat. We each had our own room, there are 2 bathrooms, an open plan living/dining/kitchen area and a yoga room/games room/relaxing nook. The setup is perfect for either cold winter escapes or hot summer getaways with the indoor fireplace creating a cozy winter vibe and the large balcony overlooking the surrounding nature making the perfect setting for a sunny afternoon wine.&nbsp;

What separates this accommodation from other luxury accommodation I have stayed in is the attention to detail. The heated floors and automatic lighting in the bathrooms, to the personalised spotify playlist, to the selection of books, games and teas, to the inclusion of wifi, netflix and stan, to the bedtime lavender spray on the bedside table. There was nothing that hadn’t been thought of so props to Sara for being so diligent in her guest preparations\!&nbsp;

The food

We drove from Perth to Bina Maya after work on a Friday afternoon so we didn’t arrive until after 8pm all starving for dinner. Luckily Goanna Gallery (which happens to be my favourite breakfast spot in the region) does catering and so we arrived to 4 serves of chicken pumpkin curry and salad which was unsurprisingly delicious.&nbsp;

All of our breakfasts came via the Art of Grazing which made us a breakfast tray with fruits, yoghurt, croissants, and fritters (for the gluten free). They also provided a vegan friendly cheese and cold cut meats grazing plate for an afternoon snack with wine\!&nbsp;

We were lucky enough to have a 3 course lunch at the famous Amelia Park Restaurant which I have been wanting to try for years\! It was worth the wait\! The meals are actually quite reasonably priced for a fine dining experience with my favourite meal being the lamb shoulder with vegetables which can be shared by two people for $75 (this was shared by Nikki and Rachael with a very jealous me looking on and drooling). I think the girls also really enjoyed their espresso martini which I couldn’t have due to my current dairy free, caffeine free diet. The restaurant was really accommodating for my dietary needs having a seperate menu for me to choose from. Definitely worth treating yourself to a meal here if you are in the area.&nbsp;

The Wine

Western Australia’s South West region is renowned for its wine so we happily obliged in trying out as many types as we could\! It is always tricky to know which wineries to go to as there are so many to choose from which is why it is better to leave it up to someone who knows the area inside out\! Meet Leith who owns and runs Vino-Culture, a lovely local who will pick you up from where you are staying, make sure you have the best day ever and get you back home with all your belongings (no phones or hats will be left behind with Leith on duty).&nbsp;

We went to wine tastings at two wineries, undoubtably two of the best. First we went to Vasse Felix which claims the title of oldest winery in the region. The cellar door feels classy and you can opt for a seated wine tasting which includes 7+ tastings. We all loved the Sparking Blanc de Blanc and I regret not buying a bottle or two as they cannot be bought anywhere else\! Nikki was smart and stocked up\! Next we headed to Amelia Park Winery (before going to the restaurant for lunch). This cellar door takes the prize for most impressive with its moody wine barrel filled entry way leading up to its open and bright tasting area. I quite like their Trellis range which their cheaper range of wines.&nbsp;

Flame Tree Wines also provided us with a couple of bottles when we arrived at Bina Maya Retreat. We were so impressed that on our last day in the region we went to visit their cellar door and buy more bottles to take home. I loved the huge fireplace in their tasting room and I bought a couple of bottles of the Shiraz, a personal favourite of mine.&nbsp;

The activities&nbsp;

What would a girls weekend be without a few fun activities

The relaxation

I cannot think of a better way to end a girls weekend than with a massage at Bodji&nbsp;

The schedule:&nbsp;